The wheels of the carriage dug a deep furrow into the road as it ferried its passengers along the plain. All around Baali, for miles, stretched sandy planes with nary a hill on the horizon. Very little wildlife lived here that, and nothing save the Orbicans would scurrying around at this time, anyway.

Baali shook as they fought off the numbness in their limbs, not daring to give Waqo the chance to condescend to them again. It was unfair of Baali, they knew, but the elderly priest never missed a chance to offer some sage wisdom, straight from the proverbial glass book. Baali snuck a guilty look at their senior and was gratified to see that they were doing the same thing. While their carriage was well lit, travelling this far east had hastened night fall by tens of hours.

The day was old when Baali's carriage reached Oyaton. Already a chill had set into the air - this far from the coast the nights grew cold indeed. 

"When in Pilk, gorge yourself on Orbican sinew," Waqo told them. "a n'orb or two will last you the entire night."

After introducing themselves to the stationmaster they made their way to the Landlord who had been so kind as to offer their hospitality. For their first journey to the Pilklands Baali had expected to see more red-orbed folk, but most of the townfolk had draped blankets over their bodies in response to the embittering cold and barely spared them a second glance except to stare at Baali's  as they traveled down the streets of Oyaton.   their host's pustules were almost as green as Baali's own. Their host - Gersak, another Sufete name - greeted them both 